Ah!
Please let me go
I was wrong. I'm willing to turn myself in, okay?
I'm willing to do it.
Please let us go
Ah don't worry
Your criminal can spend the rest of his life in prison
Just not now
No gray dragon
You do it
It will make Nancheng fall into a doomed place
Are you waiting for someone to come and clean you up?
I want to grow old
I am the only one on vacation
How dare you touch me?
You are not afraid that your Ouyang family will kill you
You shut up
The owner, Chen Jiahe, is here on vacation
It's not slow
Go and take them all down
I want Fei Long
Where is my son?
Give him to me.
Why do you still want to accompany him down there?
Stop
Didn't your face get ruined?
How did you become so beautiful in just a few days?